Princess, Ma Liang has been back in North County since
It's been a month without movement
Wucheng helps a hundred years to defend against difficulties
Even if he Ma Liang is an immortal
You can't just come in
Ma Liang is cunning
You have to.
Don't worry, I've never been to this person.
I had a plan.
The princess is really hidden
I know that it depends on the princess to get a job
You have time to be here
Why don't you think about how to defend the city?
Once I lose, I have a way out
You are gone
Bah-hum
Didn't you also lose to Ma Liang?
So arrogant
What the hell do you know?
I have a cousin who is favored in the National Teachers' Mansion
You are the only one who is unlucky in the city
Rain looks like God wants to help me
More than half a year
Soon, I'll be back soon.
I don't know if I can make it back alive
It's raining in Ma Liang, why don't you hide?
I'm looking, waiting, looking
Are you worried about that?
Are you not worried?
Just approaching the decisive battle
I'm a little nervous.
I believe you will win
Of course!
I am a fairy, how can I lose to mortals?
Don't talk kiss me